This program implements an algorithm for autonomous generation of random symmetric one-stroke kolams 
The inputs are the dimension of the kolam (odd number > 3), the required kolam symmetry (currently the generation of only the kolams with a 2-mirror symmetry are supported), and an aesthetic parameter which determines the approximate proportion of the kolam primitives (core shapes resembling a drop, a door, an eye, a fan, and a diamond that make up the kolam).  
For drawing kolams with a typical rhombic (diamond) pattern, the dots are symmetrically placed in rows starting with a single dot in the first row, followed by three in the second, five in the third, and so on up to a desired maximum. In the subsequent rows, the number of dots is progressively reduced by two at each row with the process is continued until the number of dots reduces to one. Commonly used kolam patterns are drawn around the dots with straight lines and arcs using a set of simple rules: (1) straight lines are drawn along a grid inclined at 45 deg angle, (2) arcs are drawn to transition from one grid line to another, (3) the transition between lines and arcs are smooth with no bends at right angles, (4) lines or arcs are never traced through the same route previously drawn, (5) the kolam pattern in completed when all the dots are fully enclosed by the drawn lines and arcs.
One-stroke kolams (also known as "infinite" kolams) are a subset of generic kolam patterns where the start and the end of the kolam path, consisting of lines and arcs, are the same. In other words, these can be drawn with a single stroke, without "lifting the pen" from start to finish. One-stroke kolams with aesthetically pleasing symmetric structure are usually considered auspicious in southern Indian culture.
The program returns the selected number of one-stroke kolams. Each time the program is run, it returns a different kolam due to randomization of the initial gating process.
